Release 3.2.0-BETA.4 (#1895)
microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

# Version 3.2.0-BETA.4
* Update database mappings based on common-schema change [#286](https://github.com/microsoft/common-schema/pull/286).

> * Update http dependency name based on common-schema change [#285](https://github.com/microsoft/common-schema/pull/285).

Reviewer: let's detail these changes since they are user facing (and users don't know what common-schema is)

* Update default configuration:

>     - 'azuresdk' configuration moved out of preview configuration and is now enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - 'azuresdk' configuration moved out of preview configuration and is now enabled by default.
    - 'openTelemetryApiSupport' configuration moved out of preview configuration and is now enabled by default.
```

# CHANGELOG

# Version 3.2.0-BETA.4

> * Update database mappings as follows:
>  - Use span name as remote dependency `name`
>  - Use span database statement as remote dependency `data`. If database statement is not present use `operation name`.
>  - If target derived from `peerService` or `net*` attributes is not null, then append span database name (if present) using ` | ` delimiter to form remote dependency target.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Database dependency names are now more concise, e.g. `SELECT mydatabase.mytable` instead of `SELECT x, y, z, ... from ... where ...........` (the full sanitized query is still captured in the dependency data field)
* Database dependency target field slightly updated to enable better U/X integration
```

> * Update http dependency name as follows:
>     - Use Http method + " " + extracted path from Url as http dependency name. If extracted path is empty, use "/" e.g. "`GET /`"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* HTTP dependency names are now more descriptive, e.g. `GET /the/path` instead of `HTTP GET`
```
